Peter the rabbit had always been a very crafty rabbit. You see, most rabbits are normally very dull and 
lack imagination for solving problems so it does not take much to stop them from doing something you 
don't want them too. Rabbits eating your garden: put up a fence. Rabbits living under your house: cover
the entrance to their hole. Simple easy solutions and you can go on continuing about your day. This is 
how my life was like for the first few year living at my house. I learned quickly that I had to take 
percausions to protect my little kingdom from those pesky invaders. Then Peter came along. I was walking
around to tend to my garden when I see a rabbit inside my fence eating everything! I quickly scared him 
away and saw him squeeze through a small hole he dug under the fence. I was a bit surprised but I quickly
fixed the hole and didnt think much of it until the next day when it happened again! This time I hammered 
the fence down into the dirt so he couldn't dig underneath. 

When I saw Peter inside my garden yet again, I was beyond confused as to how he got there. He was already
done eating two of my carrots when I saw him. By the time I processed what had happened, Peter crawled
through a small hole in the fence and escaped. I thought there would be no way for him to get in, but he
somehow made a hole in the fence? How was that possible? Then, I saw something metal laying on the ground.
There was a small pair of wire cutters sitting next to the hole. Peter must have somehow used them to cut
through my fence! Now, Peter was really getting on my nerves, and I have a large garden that I take a lot
of pride in. Thus, I went to a hardware store to get an electric fence. 

Installing the electric fence took the rest of the afternoon. It was tedious work, but at least I could
be sure that the pesky rabbit would not get to my garden. The next day, however, I saw something incredible.
When I walked outside, the first thing I saw was a thief in my garden, happily munching away on carrots.
As soon as Peter saw me, he ran out the open gate. Now, I was sure that I had locked that gate, so the next
morning I got up early, ready for a stakeout. Like every other day, Peter came along looking for carrots.
I thought he wouldn't be able to get in, but all he did was jump and undo the latch and Voila! He was in.
I couldn't believe my eyes! I had to do something! So, while Peter was happily munching carrots, I went out
the front door and around the back of the garden with a hammer. Before Peter saw me, I went in the garden
and smashed the latch. Now, it was only me and that damn rabbit,and guess which one of us had a fantastic 
bowl of rabbit soup that night.

If you guessed it was me who had the fantastic soup last night you would be incorrect. The rabbit was secretly
a transformer and turned into Optimus Prime. Optimus Prime immediatly smashed my house and all my fencing. 
His laser eyes shot through the city destroying everything in its path. The only way Optimus Prime could be 
stopped was writing a 3 paragraph story on github. The CS400 Team at the local university got started. The 
first paragraph was typed out with ease. Then the second came not to long later and soon enough, the third was 
also finished. All of a sudden a fourth paragraph appeared? Thats right. Historians best guess was someone
wrote too much. And that is the story how a very nifty rabbit destroyed society.
